INSTALL.md, before:

# Quick Start Install

## macOS 

You need to have [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/) installed and I am targeting Ruby 2.5 currently.

I recommend using [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) with [ruby-build](https://github.com/rbenv/ruby-build) which can be easily installed
with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

After installing Ruby 2.5 you can run `bundle install` from the 
repositories root directory to install the needed RubyGems.

The Ruby script **`run.rb`** builds various files in this repository when run,  
including `README.md`, `site.yml`, `robots.txt`, `log.txt`, `sitemap.xml` and all of the websites HTML5 pages.
 
Which means you should **never** edit these files as they are all automatically generated by the Ruby script. 
 
This automatic file creation functionality is also controlled by the repositories main config file `config.yml`.
 
You also need to install [Perl 5](https://www.perl.org/) as I am using [cloc](https://github.com/AlDanial/cloc)
 
You can see if Perl is already installed by typing in the terminal: `perl -v`

The lowest version of Perl that I have tested with is Perl 5.18.2 but I have also tested with the 
current maintenance release Perl 5.26.1.  The [Perl releases](https://www.cpan.org/src/) can be seen at CPAN.

## Windows

This project has not been tested on Windows based Operating Systems.

To help out and get started on Windows I recommend you install [Strawberry Perl](http://strawberryperl.com/)
 and also install Ruby 2.5 with the [RubyInstaller](https://rubyinstaller.org/).
 
## Linux

Again, no testing so far on Linux based Operating Systems.

On Linux you could use possibly [RVM](https://rvm.io/) to manage your Ruby versions.


## Ideas about the project

Seems these days that JavaScript has become so popular and even this project is using a huge amount
of JavaScript mostly in the form of JavaScript libraries.

So I suppose the natural progression for this project would be to introduce [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) as well as
add more types of charts.  [Sitepoint](https://www.sitepoint.com/15-best-javascript-charting-libraries/) has a good showcase on the 15 best 
JavaScript charting libraries.

Another idea is to use more shell commands to access other programming languages or charting libraries.

Another concept is the addition of other styles of chart like horizontal and vertical bar charts.

Commit message:

Add python charts to homepage.

INSTALL.md, after:

# Quick Start Install

## macOS 

You need to have [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/) installed and I am targeting Ruby 2.5 currently.

I recommend using [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) with [ruby-build](https://github.com/rbenv/ruby-build) which can be easily installed
with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

After installing Ruby 2.5 you can run `bundle install` from the 
repositories root directory to install the needed RubyGems.

The Ruby script **`run.rb`** builds various files in this repository when run,  
including `README.md`, `site.yml`, `robots.txt`, `log.txt`, `sitemap.xml` and all of the websites HTML5 pages.
 
Which means you should **never** edit these files as they are all automatically generated by the Ruby script. 
 
This automatic file creation functionality is also controlled by the repositories main config file `config.yml`.
 
[Python 3](https://www.python.org/) is another requirement as well as the Python packages [Seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/), [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/) and [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/).
 
You also need to install [Perl 5](https://www.perl.org/) as I am using [cloc](https://github.com/AlDanial/cloc)
 
You can see if Perl is already installed by typing in the terminal: `perl -v`

The lowest version of Perl that I have tested with is Perl 5.18.2 but I have also tested with the 
current maintenance release Perl 5.26.1.  The [Perl releases](https://www.cpan.org/src/) can be seen at CPAN.


## Windows

This project has not been tested on Windows based Operating Systems.

To help out and get started on Windows I recommend you install [Strawberry Perl](http://strawberryperl.com/)
 and also install Ruby 2.5 with the [RubyInstaller](https://rubyinstaller.org/).
 
## Linux

Again, no testing so far on Linux based Operating Systems.

On Linux you could use possibly [RVM](https://rvm.io/) to manage your Ruby versions.


## Ideas about the project

Seems these days that JavaScript has become so popular and even this project is using a huge amount
of JavaScript mostly in the form of JavaScript libraries.

So I suppose the natural progression for this project would be to introduce [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) as well as
add more types of charts.  [Sitepoint](https://www.sitepoint.com/15-best-javascript-charting-libraries/) has a good showcase on the 15 best 
JavaScript charting libraries.

Another idea is to use more shell commands to access other programming languages or charting libraries.

Another concept is the addition of other styles of chart like horizontal and vertical bar charts.
